Go kneel and kowtow to him and apologize
Refers to kowtow and say stop
I mean get off and go
I was wrong. I was wrong.
You bully people a lot on weekdays
You deserve what happened today
Oh yeah, he passed out.
Drag out and drag your gang leader away
Uncle Jiang, thank you for saving me today
You have no right to laugh at uncle
Do you think I made Snow Wolf kneel down and kowtow to you?
To get angry with you
Don't you mean that?
You also deserve
I want you to understand how hard you work
I don't understand what you mean.
I don't understand.
Ok then I tell you
Just come down like you
Even Snow Wolf's younger brother can't afford to offend
But I say a word
I can make him kowtow in front of you, my head is bleeding
What qualifications do you have to marry my daughter named Uncle?
Brother shut up
I said you have no right to be called uncle